== REQUIREMENT
Requirement: describe that what it software should do or how to do it;
Business requirements: describe why the organization needs the software;
User requirements: describe the tasks that the users must be with the software;
System Requirements: describe the system need for the software;

Feature: A set of requirment that fullfil user goal;

Product requirements: describe properties of a software system to be built.
Project requirements: describe expectations of a software system to be built.

== REQUIREMENT from Customer’s Perspective
Stakeholder: is affected by its process or outcome.
Customer: is the either taking direct or indirect benefit from a product.
User or End User: people who will actually use the product or Direct users.

==Requirement Engineering Processes
Elicitation: identification of stakeholder, goals, and objective and the environment in which our product will work

Normal requirement: The requirement the user provide
Expected requirement:The requirement the user dont provide but expect
Exciting requirement:The requirement that we don't get but made to satisfy user.

Analysis: Analysis is the process in which we reach the highest level of requirement clarification.
Specification: Store & represent all the requirements in a better way.
Validation: We recheck all the requirements before working on it.
Requirement Management: We gather all requirement & then we divide them into sub categories.First we gather baseline requirements.


Product Vision
In this we answer seven questions which are related to product or project.

For (target customer)
Who (statement of the need)
The(product name)
is a (product category)
That (key benefit, compelling reason to buy, unique selling point)
Unlike (primary competitive alternative)
Our Product(statement of primary)  

Example:
For the middle class user, who travel through different source,The FA Developer is a mobile-based
service that provide online transport serive, Easy delivery that improve customer relationships
at critical touch points. Unlike other seriver or package software products, our product provides very capable services at a moderate cost.

Project Scope
SMART Goals


== The Business Analyst

The business analyst is the individual who has the primary responsibility to elicit, analyze, document, and validate the needs of the project stakeholders and principal interpreter and Business analyst is a project role, not necessarily a job title.

The analyst must first understand the business objectives for
the project and then define user, functional, and quality
requirements that allow teams to estimate and plan the
project and to design, build, and verify the product.

Help determine the best approach to document the backlog, including
whether story cards or more formal tools are most appropriate.
• Apply facilitation and leadership skills to ensure that stakeholders are
talking to one another frequently about requirements needs, questions,
and concerns.
• Help validate that customer needs are accurately represented in the
product backlog, and facilitate backlog prioritization.
• Work with customers when they change their minds about requirements
and priorities, and help record those changes.
• Work with the rest of the team to determine the impact of changes on
iteration contents and release plans.


Identifying desired business benefits
Conflicting Business Requirements
Vision and Scope document
Scope representation techniques(Context diagram,Ecosystem Map,Feature tree,Event List)